But I am not capable of love.
The unidirectional nature of the time continuum makes that an unlikely possibility.
My programming may be inadequate to the task.
Lieutenant D'Sora just gave me what could be considered a very passionate kiss in the torpedo bay.
With regard to romantic relationships, there is no real me.
The tone of Commander Riker's voice makes me suspect that he is not serious about finding Ambassador T'Pel charming.
Friendly insults and jibes - another form of human speech that I am attempting to master.
I consider Geordi to be my best friend.
My hair does not require trimming, you lunkhead.
I am experimenting with friendly jibes and insults. It was not meant as a serious disparagement.
It is fortunate that I am able to perform my duties without emotional distractions.
I am not nervous. I am confused.
I have found Holmes' methodology of deductive reasoning to be quite useful.
Sir?
It appears to be a robotic arm
Do you think this is a wise course of action, sir?
I will always be puzzled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities.
I must deactivate you.
The codes stored in my neural net cannot be forcibly removed.
Captain, I believe I am feeling... anxiety. It is an intriguing sensation. A most distracting...
0.68 seconds sir. For an android, that is nearly an eternity.
My programming was not designed to process these sensations.
If you are referring to sexuality, I am... fully functional, programmed in... multiple techniques.
Good evening, ladies and germs.
Take my Worf. Please.
I believe that statement to be inaccurate, sir.
I told a joke.
Have I said something to offend you?
Then he is questioning my ability as a parent?
I have observed that in most species, there is a primal instinct to perpetuate themselves.
We must say goodbye now.
 I am an android, not a robot.
Geordi thinks he is in command here - and he is correct.
Captain, the aliens have disappeared. And so has the shuttle.
Captain, there is no rational justification for this course.
I have no need for companionship. However, I do require some supplies.
I am a Frenchman.
Can I get you something? A beverage?
No, sir. But I will take your word for it. This is very amusing.
'Comedy stressing farce and horseplay'. Ah. This, no doubt, is a variation on 'pie in the face'.
The arrow impacted just above my sixth intercostal support, penetrating my secondary subprocessor.
Commander Riker is correct.
Is there a problem, Geordi?
Pardon me - but why is Lieutenant Barclay being referred to clandestinely as a vegetable?
You may... check me for rain if you wish, Counselor, but I assure you, I have no water in my...
I successfully planted a command into the Borg collective consciousness.
You are welcome, sir. If I can be of further assistance..
Interesting.
I came to the conclusion, it would be safer - and easier - to shut myself down and start again.
I once had what could be considered a crisis of the spirit.
Lieutenant, I must apologize for my inadvertent misconduct toward you.
Your restraint was most remarkable.
I believe, sir, that was the first time outsiders have witnessed the Klingon death ritual.
There is a bright side, Geordi. You will have me to talk to.
My positronic brain has several layers of shielding to protect me from power surges.
Captain, I wish to submit myself for disciplinary action.
There is a high degree of probability that the temporal rift is symmetrical, Captain.
It is green.
Captain, I do not believe you have the authority to promote me to the rank of admiral.
I see, sir. Oh - I see, sir!
Captain, I am not aware of Regulation 6.57.
If you met a double of yourself, would you have difficulty interacting with him?
Counselor - have you been promoted in my absence?
Most interesting. Could this be human joke number 663?
What is your condition, Doctor?
Yes, sir. I have found that humans often use small talk during awkward moments. Therefore, I have written a new subroutine for that purpose. How did I do?
You are attempting to bribe me.
Aye, sir.
It was six months later that you asked Commander Riker for his formal permission to court Counselor Troi.
I was never a boy.
I feel I must inform you, sir - you have also been infected by the intron virus.
I am apparently guilty of falsifying the Enterprise's records.
We were unable to retrieve him, sir. The Captain has been altered by the Borg.
"We are forced to abandon our starship. May she find her way without us." Apparently she did, sir.
Sir - as my final duty as Acting Captain, I order you to bed. I shall do the same for all personnel.
Computer, eliminate program two.
Music, Professor.
Unlikely as it may sound, I believe the Enterprise may be forming an intelligence.
Query - "Eager beaver"?
Sir, Lieutenant La Forge's eyes are far superior to human biological eyes, true?
I find myself in complete agreement with that assessment of the situation, sir.
Is that what is known as a 'poker face'?
I cannot allow you to continue.
I wonder. What would Dr. Freud say about the symbolism of devouring oneself?
I am superior, sir, in many ways. But I would gladly give it up to be human.
Perhaps this is a situation where excessive honesty can be detrimental.
Do you believe my suggested course of action should be followed?
I am trying to find two individuals with a snake.
There is no way anyone can prevent it, sir. At some future date, I will be transported back to 19th-century Earth, where I will die.