I've been rationing his portions of energy. I think he understands. When he cooperates, he gets fed, if not..
Just look around, pal. You're hardly in a position to make any demands.
He's nothing like what I expected.
Anyway, I'm having second thoughts about what we're doing here.
Captain - I have to admit I've been having second thoughts about this plan.
I just don't get it, Guinan. I can field-strip a fusion reactor; I can realign a power transfer tunnel. Why can't I make anything work with a woman like Christy? It's like... I don't know what to do. I don't know what to say.
The numbers say it's even money. It's no better than turning it over to the computer, but no worse either. But I say forget the numbers! There's no way the computer can compensate for the human factor, the, the intuition, the experience.
Don't go away. I mean, er... computer, save program.
And I'm not used to dying.
You know, I've always thought that technology could solve almost any problem. It enhances the quality of our lives, lets us travel across the galaxy - even gave me my vision. But sometimes, you just have to turn it all off. Even the gypsy violins.
I know a way to find out.
I'd love to explain everything to you, but the Captain wants this spectrographic analysis done by 1300 hours.
I need to get down to Engineering and begin that analysis.
You take care of yourself out there. 
Oh, no. You're the senior officer here.
All right. Let's do it.
The computer is notorious for not volunteering information.
All right, look. Ever since you came on board, you've been badgering me. And I've taken it.
My sister didn't know a thing about animals, and she was able to train *her* cat. How complicated could it be? 
Can you believe the nerve of that guy? 
It won't turn out that way, Captain. We still have time to make it better.
But... my uniform! My VISOR! Are you saying I'm some blind ghost with clothes?
Thanks, Data. I've never been to a better funeral.
Well, maybe we should develop our own interphase device. If it can teach Ro Laren humility, it can do anything.
Captain Picard has ordered me to arrive a few days early to have some fun and relax. I intend to follow his orders to the very best of my ability.
I'm just not sure. About anything.
Oh - my - God.
Glad I don't have anywhere to go.
Initiating emergency core shutdown!
We've got to eject the core!
We could have been trapped here for hours, days - maybe years.
At first I thought the catwalk was spinning. As it turns out, it was me.
All main systems just went down. Power levels are dropping rapidly.
Must be deja-vu.
Oh, that's perfect.
Who gave them the right to decide whether or not I should be here? Whether or not I might have something to contribute?
My VISOR's positronic scan would've detected the leak. Its molecular pattern enhancer would've picked up even the smallest crack.
Ever feel like you're not really wanted?
If this continues, there'll be no one left to run the ship.
Sometimes, "just passing by" means "just passing by".
Data, there's nothing on the screen.
Well, actually, over there.
So it's not just raw intelligence we're talking about here?
How can we do that? What's he done? I mean, we're talking about locking a man up for being too smart.
The Doctor was right. Finally, we have a game worth playing.
I can't help thinking how... or what else might have happened, all because I misspoke a single word.
Captain Picard to the bridge! Captain, we've got a problem with the warp core, or the phase inducers - or some other damn thing.
Sure goes against everything we've always heard about not polluting the timeline, doesn't it?
A dissatisfied customer?
Relinquishing command, Captain.
I've never seen a sunrise. Not the way you see it.
I think it's the universal greeting when you don't like someone.
Welcome to Galorndon Core, where no good deed goes unpunished.
Come on. Let's go find that beacon.
Thanks, Worf. That helps a lot!
I don't know how, or even why, but down on the planet, you gave me something, a... a new confidence.
I'd feel the same way.
I'm not the one making judgements.
Message on this has already been transmitted to Starfleet, sir.
Or whatever you want to call it, Data. I don't have a proper name for it.
You ever think about getting married again?
Personal logs... diagnostics... duty logs, they all appear normal; there's no evidence of anything that could lead to Data's shutdown.
Looks like we're all in the same boat.
You must have been one hell of a bartender.
I must admit, Data, I never get used to seeing you like this.
If I could see, I'd be seeing stars.
Worf, is this your idea of sex?
You're as beautiful as I imagined. And more.
The price is a little too high for me. And I don't like who I'd have to thank.
You're armed to the teeth.
Believe me, they're nothing if not... persistent.
Nobody ever said they were great conversationalists.
It'll take fifteen years and a research team of a hundred...
Maybe it was a probe of some kind.
Captain, I... I wasn't expecting you here.
You keep a saddle on board the Enterprise?
Next time, maybe *I* should deliver the good news.
If this is the wrong symbol, it might turn the Enterprise into a big chunk of rock.
Shaving is a human art form, Data.
Negative, Data. That's a Captain's order.
Data... Data, why are you laughing?
So, aside from your being privileged, is there anything else I can look forward to?
Sir, all of this is theoretical.
Have you ever driven a Grenthemen water hopper?
Mm, I enjoy the bachelor's life too much.
Well, obviously you were a... a great advisor.
Somehow he managed to override the security lockouts and rewrite them. The man is brilliant in any century.
If I hand my assignment in on time, can I get a glimpse into next week's poker game?
My hero.
Data! Data, isn't this exciting? We are going to witness a moment in history!
Like the rat said: "Keep the cheese; I just want out of the trap."
Part of being human is learning how to deal with the unexpected - to risk new experiences, even when they don't fit into your preconceptions.
Sounds like someone's idea of hell to me.
The last time we encountered them was decades ago. Cost thousands of lives.
If you succeed, countless lives will be affected.
Does your personal code of conduct tell you that when you're stranded on a planet with no way off, you shouldn't try to cut deals?
Consider it considered and rejected!
Okay, all power's been channeled to the, um... the...
I'll give you this - it's a meeting the captain won't soon forget.
Who knows if we're even dead or alive?
I'm running a level 1 diagnostic.
Lady Luck left me long ago.
Let's just hope it doesn't blow us to kingdom come while it's figuring out how to blow us to kingdom come.
