Make it so.
Engage.
Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
After all, Number One, we're only mortal.
I rather believe that time is a companion who goes with us on the journey and reminds us to cherish every moment because they'll never come again.
What we leave behind is not as important as how we've lived.
Reports of my assimilation are greatly exaggerated.
The line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!
And that is what it is to be human. To make yourself more than you are.
Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before!
If we're going to be damned, let's be damned for what we really are.
Things are only impossible until they're not!
The Prime Directive is not just a set of rules; it is a philosophy ... and a very correct one.
No being is so important that he can usurp the rights of another.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.
Being first at any cost is not always the point.
Let's make sure history never forgets the name ... Enterprise.
You may test that assumption at your convenience.
Imprisonment is an injury, regardless of how you justify it.
I am Locutus of Borg. Resistance is futile.
The road from legitimate suspicion to rampant paranoia is very much shorter than we think.
Mr. Worf, villains who twirl their moustaches are easy to spot.
I'd be delighted to offer any advice I have on understanding women. When I have some, I'll let you know.
Seize the time... Live now! Make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.
There are four lights.
No, I am not dead. Because I refuse to believe the afterlife is run by you. The universe is not so badly designed!
There is a way out of every box, a solution to every puzzle; it's just a matter of finding it.
All I can say is that although we have only been together for a short time, I know that you are the finest crew in the fleet.
So, five-card stud, nothing wild. And the sky's the limit.
On screen.
...Open a channel.
A bit less florid, Data...
Duty. A starship captain's life is filled with solemn duty.
Shut up.
15 years I've been waiting to say that.
What is all this about?
You're not Reman!
And if you had lived my life, you would understand my responsibility to the Federation.
It amazes me how little you know yourself.
You *are* me! The same noble Picard blood runs through our veins.
We're about to find out, Data.
I think it's time to try some unsafe velocities.
Will Riker, you have been my trusted right arm for fifteen years.
I appreciate you concern, Number One. But I've been itching to try the Argo.
You have the bridge...
Why am I here? Why have you done this?
How can you be sure?
Captain's personal log, supplemental.
The crew has responded with the dedication I've come to expect of them.
He wants to look me in the eye...
Won't do what, Mr. Worf?
Oh, come now. A big, handsome, strapping fellow like you? What can you be afraid of?
Commander, when this is over, I owe you a drink.
Don't worry, Number One, we'll still have you to Betazed with plenty of time to spare.
I think of myself as an explorer.
I was the first Picard to leave our solar system. It... caused quite a stir in the family.
For now we see but through a glass darkly.
Look at me, Shinzon. Your heart, your hands, your eyes are the same as mine.
The honor was mine - Captain.
No! Noooooooooo!
I will not sacrifice the Enterprise.
Data, I'm sure it's a fascinating experience, but perhaps you should deactivate your emotion chip for now.
Data, there are times that I envy you.
We are not going to lose the Enterprise. Not to the Borg. Not while I'm in command.
Mr. Worf, do you remember your zero G combat training?
Maximum setting. If you had fired this, you would have vaporized me.
Six years ago, they assimiated me into their collective.
In my century, we don't succumb to revenge.
GET OUT!
There was no way to save him.
Mr. Worf... I regret some of the things I said to you earlier.
As a matter of fact, I think you're the bravest man I have ever known.
Mr. Data, lay in a course for the 24th century. I suspect our future is there waiting for us.
That's not going to be easy.
Try not to look at the stars. Keep your eyes on the hull.
This is not about revenge.
This is about saving the future of humanity!
I don't have time for this.
How about 'Jean-Luc'?
Guilty of what?
...Is it part of a Romulan plot, a ploy to start a war?
No, Will, we can't! We have to save humanity!
Red alert! All crew to battle stations!
You're going to deny us travel through space?
It's like the chicken and the egg, Will, the chicken and the egg!
Well, I know that I am an old man and I am out of touch.
Because it always works, Worf! Your problem is that you really *do* have a sense of honor, and you really *do* care about trust and loyalty. Don't blame me for knowing you so well.
Q? What is going on here? Where is the anomaly?
Oh, so that's why you married me
No, I'm fine. I don't need rest.
Beverly, I cannot believe that you are not willing to stay here until we...
Mr. Data, you are a clever man - in any time period.
This is not my time. I don't belong here.
I'm not senile, you know. This did happen!
I sincerely hope that this is the last time that I find myself here.
Engage.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Commander Riker.
Fine. Let's hope they find you as tasty as they did their past associates.
Data, how can you be programed as a virtual encyclopedia of human information without knowing a simple word like 'snoop'?
What the hell? Children are not allowed on the bridge!