I look forward to walking through the jungle without a map and no idea what lies ahead.
Today is a good day to die.
I do not play games.
What are his rights in this century? Is there a, a trial? Or shall I execute him?
Compared to Klingons, humans are fragile creatures.
If you were a Klingon woman we would already be married.
Sir, I have acted within the boundaries of Klingon law and tradition.
He knows nothing of our ways!
Captain, they will be incensed. My presence will be disruptive.
As Head of Security, it is my duty to be... concerned.
There is no honor in attacking the weak.
The young people will see what it is to die - as a Klingon.
Those are eloquent words, Tokath. But the truth is, I am being executed because I've brought something dangerous to your young people: knowledge.
Do not deceive yourself. These people are not happy here. I see the sadness in their eyes.
This is the moment where life and death meet. This is what we are - warriors.
There is much you were never taught.
Today is a good day to die.
I do not expect you to understand. You are a Romulan.
I like my blood wine very young and very sweet.
You could say 'thank you for saving my life'.
All right, what do you want?
I know what you are planning, sir. I will not be surprised.
Worf, son of Mogh, does not break his word.
In war there is nothing more honorable than victory.
It is an instinct - the ability to look someone in the eyes and see the decision to kill. An instinct I no longer have.
I find using a large and intimidating weapon like the bat'leth often leads to overconfidence.
I do not apologize for what I have done.
To lose something, one must first possess it.
Questions are the beginning of wisdom, the mark of a true warrior.
I went to Boreth to find my faith. For a time, I thought I had. But my heart is empty again. I do not know what to believe.
If you were any other man, I would kill you where you stand.
Computer, Lieutenant Commander Worf. Confirm auto-destruct sequence. Authorization: Worf, 3 7 Gamma Echo.
Today is a good day to die.
I am NOT a merry man!
Perhaps today *is* a good day to die! Prepare for ramming speed!
Considering how many men you have known, that is quite a statement.
May glory and honor follow you on your journey.
I am Worf, son of Mogh. I now take my place as first officer. I serve the captain; but I stand for the crew.
It is clear to me that none of you are worthy of my blood or my life. But I will stand for you; and together, we will restore honor to this ship and bring glory to the Empire.
I considered letting them kill me. It seemed like the only way out.
The Sword of Kahless!
And if you had not been drunk and told a tavern full of people what you were planning, Toral would not have followed us here in the first place.
The Sword is not meant for us. It was never our destiny to find it.
When it is destined to be found... it will be.
You rule without wisdom and without honor.
Great men do not seek power. They have power thrust upon them.
You have dishonored yourself and the Empire, and you are not worthy to lead the Council.
What I say now, I say as a member of the House of Martok, not a Starfleet officer.
You have not changed. You still expect people to solve the problems you create.
I took the Starfleet emergency medical course. In a computerized simulation, I assisted in delivery of a human baby.
Why do you mock me? Why do you wish to anger me?
What burns in their eyes, fires my soul. I hear their words, and I see it all as it was. Part of me longs for that time.
Yet in all you say, where are the words 'duty', 'honor', 'loyalty'? Without which a warrior is nothing!
Really. I have no desire to leave the Enterprise.
Romulan ale should be illegal.
Captain, I do not think it is appropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear... naked.
Men do not roar. Women roar. Then they hurl heavy objects... and claw at you.
You are a worthy opponent.
Klingons do not laugh.
I have been told that patience is sometimes a more effective weapon than the sword.
Who knows what the future will be, now that you have disrupted time. I may die tomorrow, or I may outlive you. But when I die, I would like an honorable death.
I've an odd craving for the blood of a live Kolar beast.
Klingon schools are designed to be difficult. The physical and mental hardships faced by the students are meant to build character and strength. However - if you wish to face a greater challenge, you may stay here with me. It would not be easy - for either of us. But perhaps we can face the challenge together.
You are forbidden to join the House of Martok.
I want you to assist me in performing the Hegh'bat ceremony. I want you to help me die.
I do not welcome death, Commander.
According to a tradition, I must take my life, after suffering this kind of injury. But I have decided to break with tradition. I have decided to live.
I will still have to undergo a dangerous operation. I may still die. But it will not be by my own hand.
 I can see, our lives together will not be easy.
We both know you do not belong here. You heard what I expect from the rest of the crew. Twice that I expect from you! Do we understand each other?
What you're about to do entails a grave obligation. Do not accept it lightly.
I will teach you what you need to know to be a warrior.
The only real question is whether you believe in the legend of Davy Crockett or not. If you do, then there should be no doubt in your mind that he died a hero's death. If you do not believe in the legend, then he was just a man, and it does not matter how he died.
Today was not my day to die.
Be quiet! Or disappear back where you came from.
I have wagered heavily in the ship's pool that you will take him past the sixth plateau.
You can spend the rest of your life contemplating your failure as you labour alongside the other slaves in the ore processing center.
First they demand we come out here, then they make us wait.
Heroes of legends don't ache so much.
You fight well - for a tailor.
I have not had cause to complain, Captain.
You have always used your knowledge of Klingon honor and tradition to get what you want from me.
It is a cellular peptide cake... with mint frosting.
Very good, Ensign. You have passed the challenge.
Be certain you understand the risk you are taking. If you are captured...
Colonel Kira and Chief O'Brien have completed another scan of the planet. As far as they can tell, he is not there.
Spiritual possessions of this sort have been reported throughout Klingon history. It is called jat'yIn - the taking of the living by the dead.
I have no fear of death.
To die defending one's ship is the hope of every Klingon.
See, when and if the captain becomes weak or unable to perform, it is expected that his honorable retirement should be assisted by his First. Your second officer will assassinate you for the same reasons.
Find him and kill him!
Death to the opposition!
Thinking about what you can't control only wastes energy, and creates its own enemy. 
Only fools have no fear.
I DO N... - I do not yell.
A Klingon never breaks his word.
You're just supposed to sit here?
What is this place? How did a being like you get here?
What a terrible way to die.
In the Klingon MajQa ritual, there is nothing more important than receiving a revelation about your father.
Join me in the R'uustai - the Bonding. You will become part of my family now and for all time. We will be brothers.
I am not concerned with pleasure, Commander. I am a warrior.
You are favored in the ship's pool.
The object here is not to engage the creature in battle.
We have played poker many times. I have never known you to bluff.
When I pulled you from the plasma stream, you seemed... surprised I was alive.
Are you a Klingon warrior or an Alverian dung beetle?
Very convincing, Captain. But was it your intention to challenge me to a battle to the death?
Next time, do not strike me with the back of your hand. Use your fist.
Hm, yes - slightly reminiscent of night-blooming throgni, Captain. From home. Quite stimulating, wouldn't you say?
Not the best way to meet your new captain.
I hate questionnaires.
There were no phasers in the 22nd century.
Immobilized by the damn Ferengi!
Pygmy cretins!
What's going on? A ship has one bridge. One bridge! One Riker, one bridge!
We are Starfleet officers; and Starfleet officers do not brawl with each other.
You exaggerate - as usual.
Grrr...
Request permission to return to duty, sir.
I do not see why it is necessary to wear these... ridiculous uniforms.
You are an insulting, pompous fool! And if you were not an ambassador, I would disembowel you right here!
You're just another weak Human afraid to face death!
When a warrior dies in battle, his comrades stay with the body to keep away predators. That allows the spirit to leave the body when it is time to make the long journey to Sto-vo-kor.
Ensign, no one is unstoppable. - Collimate the nadion emitters.
I'm in charge of security!
I still prefer Klingon operas.
I killed it, and now I'm going to eat it.
Captain, these are Romulans. They are without honor.
It is an ancient Klingon tradition to commemorate an important event with a poem.
When I served aboard the Enterprise, I always knew who were my allies and who were my enemies.
I am certain that you will do whatever is necessary to complete your task.
We do not discuss it with outsiders...
Life is a great deal more complicated in this red uniform.
I admire gall.
Sir - may I say your attempt to hold the away team at bay with a non-functioning weapon was an act of unmitigated gall.
The Klingon Empire will never yield!
I like my species the way it is!
The Borg have neither honor nor courage.
You are cunning. You must have Klingon blood. But the battle is over.
My mother is *never* on time. It is so... human of her.
Cardassian politics are very complex.
The Bajoran death chant is over two hours long.
Kill it now. Make it appear that it died in the crash. Leave no evidence that we were ever here.
Captain, the creatures are accelerating their approach. They are changing color!
You can begin your experiment at any time!
You're not talking, you're gossiping.
You are lucky this is not a Klingon ship. We know how to deal with spies.
I do not like doctors. Any doctors.
Your ambushes would be more successful if you bathed more often!
I am not expecting battle.
Before him, there was no Klingon word for '*peace*-maker'.
Human bonding rituals often involve a great deal of talking and dancing and crying.
Things that would send cold chills down your spine, and wake you in the middle of the night. No, it is better you do not know. Excuse me.
I don't understand their humor either.
With all due respect... BEGONE!... sir.
I would not become a terrorist. It would be dishonorable.
My motives were personal, not political.
Our Captain wants his junior officers to learn, learn, learn.
Is there any indication that this is the work of an unknown intelligence?
Something is waiting for us. I am not strong enough to fight it!
Klingons do not allow themselves to be... "probed".
Our gods are dead. Ancient Klingon warriors slew them a millennia ago. They were more trouble than they were worth.
This was a great victory - one worthy of story and song.
Any classified weapons knowledge you share with your captors will be considered treason.
You will die without honor.
You will never attain the 24th level of awareness.
I do not care for telepaths; they make me... uneasy.
Rest assured, Commander, we will be victorious, at whatever the cost.
If winning is not important, then, Commander - why keep score?
Trust is earned, not given away.
It is Worf, madam, not Woof!
A warrior does not complain about physical discomfort.
Remember Rule of Acquisition No. 111: "Treat people in your debt like family - exploit them!"
Today is a good day to die.
